Update documentation on accessing System.String characters (#5940)
MicrosoftDocs/cpp-docs: docs/dotnet/how-to-access-characters-in-a-system-string.md

You can access characters of a <xref:System.String> object for high-performance calls to unmanaged functions that take `wchar_t*` strings. The method yields an interior pointer to the first character of the <xref:System.String> object. This pointer can be manipulated directly or pinned and passed to a function expecting an ordinary **`wchar_t`** string.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Interior pointers into <xref:System.String> objects must be treated as `const`. A <xref:System.String> object is considered immutable and changes outside of the <xref:System.String> API surface can destabilize the runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Interior pointers into <xref:System.String> objects must be treated as `const`. A <xref:System.String> object is considered immutable and changing its content can destabilize the runtime.
```

> changes outside of the <xref:System.String> API surface

Is this trying to say that the runtime has to internally initialize (and thus mutate) the string instance? I do not think we need to go into that. From user point of view, mutating the string instance content is always wrong.

Author: What I want to convey is that manipulating the `System.String` outside of a public API isn't valid. I think "changing its content" is fair, but I'm trying to convey that any method on the string is fine to call and what that does is acceptable. Your statement is stronger, which is fine.

> > See [Unsafe code best practices](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/unsafe-code/best-practices#17-string-mutations).

Reviewer 2: Seems like a ticky thing but our standard template is "For more information see".

> > See [Unsafe code best practices](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/unsafe-code/best-practices#17-string-mutations).

Author: ```suggestion
> For more information see [Unsafe code best practices](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/unsafe-code/best-practices#17-string-mutations).
```

> > For more information see [Unsafe code best practices](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/unsafe-code/best-practices#17-string-mutations).

Author: ```suggestion
> For more information see [Unsafe code best practices - 17. String mutations](/dotnet/standard/unsafe-code/best-practices).
```
